Add segwit slides (#56)
cifunibas/Bitcoin-Blockchain-Cryptoassets: slides/segwit-transaction-malleability.tex

% Choose one to switch between slides and handout
\documentclass[]{beamer}
%\documentclass[handout]{beamer}

% Video Meta Data
\title{SegWit and Transaction Malleability}
\subtitle{Title of Video Lecture}
\author{Prof. Dr. Fabian Schär}
\institute{University of Basel}

% Config File
\input{../config/config.tex}

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
\begin{document}

\thispagestyle{empty}
\begin{frame}[noframenumbering]
	\titlepage
\end{frame}

%%%
\begin{frame}{Transaction Structure}

\begin{figure}
	\input{../assets/figures/transaction-structure.tex}	
\end{figure}
\vspace{1em}

> \uncover<2->{$\rightarrow$ The \texttt{scriptSig} is part of the transaction data and cannot be signed (self-referential).}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\uncover<2->{$\rightarrow$ The signature is part of the \texttt{scriptSig} and cannot sign itself (self-referential).}
```

	}
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{Operation Code-Based Malleability Sources}
	\begin{scriptsize}
		From the \href{https://cryptolectures.teachable.com/courses/bitcoin-blockchain-and-cryptoassets/lectures/30728695}{\link P2PK example}:
	\end{scriptsize}
	\begin{itemize}
		\item<1->[1.] \texttt{OP\_PUSHDATA 47}
		\item<2->[2.] \texttt{OP\_PUSHDATA 41}
	\end{itemize}
	\vspace{1em}

	\begin{figure}
		\input{../assets/figures/malleability1.tex}	
	\end{figure}
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{Operation Code-Based Malleability Sources}
	Changing the script in a way which does not affect the stack:
	\begin{itemize}
		\item<1->[1.] \texttt{\alert{OP\_PUSHDATA2 0047}}
		\item<2->[2.] \texttt{OP\_PUSHDATA 41}
	\end{itemize}
	\vspace{1.5em}

	\begin{figure}
		\input{../assets/figures/malleability1.tex}	
	\end{figure}
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{Operation Code-Based Malleability Sources}
From the previous transaction data:\\
\begin{scriptsize}
	\texttt{\textcolor{focus}{47}304402204e45e16932b8af514961a1d3a1a25fdf3f4f77
	32e9d624c6c61548ab5fb8cd410220181522ec8eca07de48
	60a4acdd12909d831cc56cbbac4622082221a8768d1d0901}\\
\end{scriptsize}
\vspace{1em}
To the alternative:\\

> \begin{scriptsize}

Reviewer: Mark 4d separately as OP_PUSHDATA2 ?

			\item Consensus conflict! Who can spend the output?
		\end{itemize}
	}
	\end{scriptsize}
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{SegWit Transaction Types (P2WPKH)}
	Pay-to-witness-public-key-hash (P2WPKH) is the SegWit equivalent to P2PKH.\\
	\vspace{1.5em}
	
	\shadowbox{
		\begin{minipage}[c]{4.1in}
			\texttt{scriptSig:}\\
			\texttt{scriptPubKey:\ 0 <pubKeyHash>}\\
			\texttt{witness:\ <sig> <pubKey>}
		\end{minipage}
	}
	\vspace{1.5em}

	\textbf{Non-SegWit nodes:} output can be spent without the need for a signature.\\
	\vspace{0.5em}
	\textbf{SegWit nodes:} ''look for and verify the signature in the witness data."
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{SegWit Transaction Types (P2WSH)}
	Pay-to-witness-script-has (P2WSH) is the SegWit equivalent to P2SH.\\
	\vspace{1.5em}
	
	\shadowbox{
		\begin{minipage}[c]{4.1in}
			\texttt{scriptSig:}\\
			\texttt{scriptPubKey:\ 0 <scriptHash256>}\\
			\texttt{witness:\ Any valid script}
		\end{minipage}
	}
	\vspace{1.5em}

	\textbf{Non-SegWit nodes:} output can be spent by anyone.\\
	\vspace{0.5em}
	\textbf{SegWit nodes:} ''look for and verify the script in the witness data."
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%

> \begin{frame}{P2SH Embedded SegWit Transactions}

Reviewer: This slide is not that intuitive, but probably will be clear if presented in the video.

				\item<5-> P2SH(P2WSH): \texttt{<scriptHash> = 0 <scriptHash256>}
			\end{itemize}
		\end{itemize}
	}
	\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{Native SegWit Address (Bech32)}
	\begin{itemize}
%		\item Native SegWit address format
%		\item Always start with \texttt{bc1}
%		\item Encode SegWit outputs in an efficient and secure way
%		\item Case insensitivity
%		\item Stronger checksums: Bose-Chaudhuri-Hocquenghem SOURCE
		\item Consist of \texttt{bc1}, version number, witness script and six-character checksum	
	\end{itemize}
	
	\vspace{1.5em}
	
	\begin{scriptsize}
		\texttt{$\overline{BC}_{pkh}$ = bc1qryqazre3142dvj8jrg8ed9s6t56aql6puy8wk8}\\
		\texttt{$BC_{sh}$ = bc1qrp33g0q5c5txsp9arysrx4k6zdkfs4nce4xj0gdcccefvpysxf3qccfmv3}
	\end{scriptsize}
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{Confirmation Capacity Increase}
	\begin{scriptsize}
	$S_{old}$: blocks can only be 1MB large.\\
	$\rightarrow$ moving the redeem script to the witness field reduces the size of the transaction data.\\
	\vspace{0.5em}
	\uncover<2->{
	$S_{new}$: blocks can only have a weight $W \leq 4$MB.\\}
		\begin{columns}[T]
			\begin{column}{0.5\textwidth}
				\uncover<3->{
					\begin{align*}

> 						W &= 3 \cdot (1 - \beta) bs(\texttt{all})\\

Reviewer: Add an explanation what "Beta" and "bs" is?
I think the derivation of the formula is not necessary but I don't understand how the "+1" occurs in the second line.
